dev-libs/openssl fast-cflags
net-misc/openssh fast-cflags
sys-fs/fuse fast-cflags
sys-fs/sshfs fast-cflags
dev-lang/python fast-cflags
sys-apps/portage fast-cflags
app-arch/bzip2 fast-cflags
sys-libs/zlib fast-cflags
app-shells/bash fast-cflags
sys-libs/glibc o2-cf no-a-filter
www-client/seamonkey fast-cflags
media-libs/libpng fast-cflags
media-libs/libjpeg-turbo fast-cflags
media-libs/imlib2 fast-cflags
media-libs/mesa fast-cflags
x11-drivers/xf86-video-mach64 fast-cflags
x11-base/xorg-server fast-cflags
x11-libs/libX11 fast-cflags
x11-libs/libxcb fast-cflags
x11-libs/libXaw fast-cflags
x11-libs/libXft fast-cflags
x11-libs/libXmu fast-cflags
x11-libs/libXrender fast-cflags
x11-libs/libXt fast-cflags
cross-avr/* no-a-filter
sys-devel/gcc no-a-filter
sys-devel/binutils no-a-filter

